Add option to skip linting (#33)
rtCamp/action-phpcs-code-review: README.md

      env:
        GH_BOT_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GH_BOT_TOKEN }}
        SKIP_FOLDERS: "tests,.github"

>         SKIP_LINT: "no"

Reviewer: It would be better if you change the env. variable to `PHP_LINT`, to make it more simple and in line with the `vip-go-ci` flag `--lint`.
Setting it to `true` by default in the code when no value is set. 
As it will have a default value, let us not add it in the main example of the readme. Information about it in the `#environment-variables` section is good enough.

4. In case you want to skip PHPCS scanning in any pull request, add `[do-not-scan]` in the PR description. You can add it anywhere in the description and it will skip the action run for that pull request.

> 5. In case you want to skip linting all files on every pull request, set `SKIP_LINT` to `1`, `yes` or `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In case you want to skip linting all files on every pull request, set `PHP_LINT` to `false`.
```

Author: done, thanks!
